Fix issue with VIPs who have Asian Language display names (#4174)
Chatterino/chatterino2: CHANGELOG.md

## Unversioned

> - Bugfix: Fixed being unable to see the usercard of VIPs who have Asian language display names. (#4174)

Author: This is the less-correct but more friendly to the average user, changelog.

I'd be willing to take the more-correct but less friendly approach as well:
```suggestion
- Bugfix: Prevented using display names for the `/vips` command, as Twitch does not allow looking up a user by their Asian language name. (#4174)
```
